## Runesmith 2 2026-06-19 Changelog (v0.6.0)

### Content
- Added a card: 'Search Engine' - 1 Cost Uncommon Power - (Innate.) Whenever you Craft a Rune, draw 1 card.
- Added a card: 'Lithium Ion' - 1 Cost Uncommon Power - Gain 1 Aqua. At the start of your turn, lose 1 Aqua to gain 3(4) Amp.
- Added a card: 'Gamma Ray Burst' - X Cost Rare Skill - Give ALL Runes X(+1) Charges. Trigger the passive abilities of ALL Runes.
- Removed Superposition.

### Balances
- Laser Turret nerfed: Now deal damage equals to 3(4) times Ignis gained. (was any Elements)
- Grand Slam renamed to Grand Hammer. It's now considered a Hammer card.
- Electrocute now allows any card to be picked and only apply Stasis if applicable.
- Hit and Run buffed: Now also gain 1 Terra.
- Metal Forming adjusted: Now Exhaust but gains 3 Terra instead of 1.
- White Balance buffed: Deal 9(12) damage ⇒ Deal 10(13) damage.

### Misc

### Notes
- With the addition of new cards, the uncommon card pool is now a little larger than what is usual for vanilla characters.

### Misc
- Bump BaseLib version to 3.3.0

### Loc Updates
- cards.json
  - new SEARCH_ENGINE
  - new LITHIUM_ION
  - new GAMMA_RAY_BURST
  - edited LASER_TURRET
  - edited ELECTROCUTE
  - edited HIT_AND_RUN
  - edited HAMMER_AND_CHISEL
  - edited SYNTHETIC_BLOOD
    - made the elements order clearer and added linebreak tag `[br]` to make formatting nicer
  - edited ELEMENTAL_DECAY
  - changed GRAND_SLAM => GRAND_HAMMER
- powers.json
  - new LITHIUM_ION_POWER
  - new SEARCH_ENGINE_POWER
  - edited SYNTHETIC_BLOOD_POWER
    - made the elements order clearer and added linebreak tag `[br]` to make formatting nicer