## Runesmith 2 2026-05-23 Changelog (v0.1.0)

### Balances
- Shifting Hammer buffed: Enhance a card by the number of unblocked hit ⇒ Enhance 1 card by 2.
- Energy Sink buffed: Cost 1 ⇒ 0
- Superposition reworked: 3 Cost - Deal 15(21) damage. If you have an even number of Runes, Gain 11(16) Block. Otherwise, deal damage an additional time.
  - The card transform was used rather inappropriately and can lead to unexpected interaction with card generation tracking. 
  - Underposition token card removed.

### Content
- Added Multiplayer Cards:
  - Watch Out! - 1 Cost Uncommon Skill - Another player gains 10(15) Brace.
  - Teleport - 0 Cost Rare Skill - Give another player a copy of your newest Rune and Break the original Rune.
- Added Runesmith specific relics
  - Ball-peen Hammer (Common): Every time you play 3 Skills in a single turn, Enhance 1 card in your Hand at random.
  - Crafting Manual (Uncommon): At the start of each combat, you may select a Recipe card from your Draw Pile to put in your hand. It's free to play this turn.
  - Nanobots (Uncommon): A random card in each card reward is Enchanted with Forged 1.
  - Liquid Nitrogen (Rare): At the start of your turn, apply 1 Ice-Cold to ALL enemies.
  - Plasma Globe (Rare): Runes are Crafted with 1 additional Potency and 1 additional Charge.
  - Crystallized Rainbow (Rare): Whenever you play a card, gain 1 random Element.
  - Recycler (Shop): At the start of your turn, Break all Runes with 0 Charges and gain Elements equal to their Recipe cards total Elements cost
- Added beta textures for Relics and Potions

### Bug Fixes
- Fixed certain Runes not triggering extra times from Particle Accelerator